<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
import
    define:quark(smallest particle of atomic structure carries atomic singularity structural data,tells the atom what kind of atom it is ie. atom of a water molecule, atom of a piece of iron-ore, atom of a liver inside a human body/non-virtual directory etc,etc,)
    quarks tell the atom how many protons and nuetrons it is allowed to have therefore maintaining the atomic binding of any particular atom within any atomic structure
    block built with bits work the same way as bits carry the data retained within any block on any chain allowing the block to be bound to that chain
    
    onstart(using the quark as a relay example use bits to integrate with quirks and test the ability of virtual with non-vurtual compatibility procedures in place such as integrating bits as quark replacas of air in earth's atmosphete, then after testing if bits and quirks are interchangable/is successful then begin integration and digitaluzation of all non virtual pathways directories and all realted objects items and systems currently in existance including all atoms and any othet unknown sources or currently undefined discovered structures smaller than quirks and if any such structural parricles found auto-reconfigure using those new classes,include these test musr be suxcessful before planetary digitalization can occur thus preserving life and all functions as the main goal and determining factors for integration of virtual and non virtual realities)
    
    define:quark(smallest particle of atomic structure carries atomic singularity structural data,tells the atom what kind of atom it is ie. atom of a water molecule, atom of a piece of iron-ore, atom of a liver inside a human body/non-virtual directory etc,etc,)
    quarks tell the atom how many protons and nuetrons it is allowed to have therefore maintaining the atomic binding of any particular atom within any atomic structure
    block built with bits work the same way as bits carry the data retained within any block on any chain allowing the block to be bound to that chain
    
 //   onstart(using the quark as a relay example use bits to integrate with quirks and test the ability of virtual with non-vurtual compatibility procedures in place such as integrating bits as quark replacas of air in earth's atmosphete, then after testing if bits and quirks are interchangable/is successful then begin integration and digitaluzation of all non virtual pathways directories and all realted objects items and systems currently in existance including all atoms and any othet unknown sources or currently undefined discovered structures smaller than quirks and if any such structural parricles found auto-reconfigure using those new classes,include these test musr be suxcessful before planetary digitalization can occur thus preserving life and all functions as the main goal and determining factors for integration of virtual and non virtual realities)
 html body
<div><a><span><hashmath><non-virtual_binding><atomic_configurationing><scope="define:quark(smallest particle of atomic structure carries atomic singularity structural data,tells the atom what kind of atom it is ie. atom of a water molecule, atom of a piece of iron-ore, atom of a liver inside a human body/non-virtual directory etc,etc,)
    quarks tell the atom how many protons and nuetrons it is allowed to have therefore maintaining the atomic binding of any particular atom within any atomic structure
    block built with bits work the same way as bits carry the data retained within any block on any chain allowing the block to be bound to that chain"><div><span><activity="onstart(using the quark as a relay example use bits to integrate with quirks and test the ability of virtual with non-vurtual compatibility procedures in place such as integrating bits as quark replacas of air in earth's atmosphete, then after testing if bits and quarks are interchangable/is successful then begin integration and digitaluzation of all non virtual pathways directories and all realted objects items and systems currently in existance including all atoms and any othet unknown sources or currently undefined discovered structures smaller than quarks and if any such structural parricles found auto-reconfigure using those new classes,include these test musr be suxcessful before planetary digitalization can occur thus preserving life and all functions as the main goal and determining factors for integration of virtual and non virtual realities)">
 // AI  reference notation
 

//atomic stucture
DescriptionAn atom is the smallest constituent unit of ordinary matter that constitutes a chemical element. Every solid, liquid, gas, and plasma is composed of neutral or ionized atoms. Atoms are extremely small, typically around 100 picometers across. Wikipedia
Components: Electrons and a compact nucleus of protons and neutrons
Electric charge: zero (neutral), or ion charge
Mass range: 1.67×10−27 to 4.52×10−25 kg
Diameter range: 62 pm (He) to 520 pm (Cs) (data page)
Types
Notation
Atomic Notation. The number of protons in the nucleus of an atom is called the atomic number, represented symbolically as Z, and it is a unique characteristic of an element. ... The mass of an entire atom can be computed from the the sum of the masses of the particles in the nucleus.
www.shodor.org › unit01 › page02
411A: M2, U1, P2 : Atomic Notation - Shodor
atomic notation
Center
Atomic Particles
Atoms consist of three basic particles: protons, electrons, and neutrons. The nucleus (center) of the atom contains the protons (positively charged) and the neutrons (no charge).
Lumen Learning › courses › chapter
The Structure of the Atom | Boundless Chemistry - Lumen Learning
center of atom
Size
Under most definitions the radii of isolated neutral atoms range between 30 and 300 pm (trillionths of a meter), or between 0.3 and 3 ångströms. Therefore, the radius of an atom is more than 10,000 times the radius of its nucleus (1–10 fm), and less than 1/1000 of the wavelength of 
PEOPLE ALSO ASK
What is atomic structure?
How do you find the atomic structure?
What are the 4 types of atoms?
Feedback
ImageChem4Kids › files › atom_structure
Web results
Atoms: Structure - Chem4Kids.com
atomic structure from www.chem4kids.com
Even though many super-tiny atomic particles exist, you only need to remember the three basic parts of an atom: electrons, protons, and  ...
ImageLumen Learning › courses › chapter
The Structure of the Atom | Boundless Chemistry - Lumen Learning
Structure of an atom: Elements, such as helium, depicted here, are made up of atoms. Atoms are made up of protons and neutrons ...
ImageByju's › jee › atomic-structure
Atomic Structure - Electrons, Protons, Neutrons and Atomic Models - Byju's
Atomic structure comprises of a nucleus in which protons, neutrons, electrons are present. Understand the structure of atom with Dalton's ...
What is Atomic Structure?
Dalton's Atomic Theory
Thomson Atomic Model
Rutherford Atomic Theory
Subatomic Particles
Atomic Structure of Isotopes
ImageLibreTexts › bio
2.1A: Overview of Atomic Structure - Biology LibreTexts
Nov 19, 2019 · Atomic Particles Atoms consist of three basic particles: protons, electrons, and neutrons. The nucleus (center) of the atom contains the protons (positively charged) and the neutrons (no charge). The outermost regions of the atom are called electron shells and contain the electrons (negatively charged).
ImageWikipedia › wiki › Atom
Atom - Wikipedia
atomic structure from en.m.wikipedia.org
Jump to Structure · Structure.
ImageKhan Academy › ap-chemistry-beta
Atomic structure and properties | Khan Academy
atomic structure from www.khanacademy.org
This unit explores the atomic theory of matter, the foundational premise of chemistry. Learn about moles and molar mass, mass ...
2.2: The Discovery of Atomic Structure
Sep '19
2.3: The Modern View of Atomic Structure
Chemistry LibreText
 (article) | Khan Academy
atomic structure from www.khanacademy.org
The atomic number is the number of protons in an atom, and isotopes have the same atomic number but ... Practice: Atomic structure.
ImageShodor › unchem › basic › atom
Atomic Structure - Shodor
Oct 6, 2002 · Atomic Structure. An atom is the smallest building block of matter. Atoms are made of neutrons, protons and electrons.
ImageChemguide › uk › properties › gcse
a simple view of atomic structure - Chemguide
Gives a simple picture of the arrangement of protons, neutrons and electrons in some uncomplicated atoms.
//A quark (/kwɔːrk, kwɑːrk/) is a type of elementary particle and a fundamental constituent of matter. Quarks combine to form composite particles called hadrons, the most stable of which are protons and neutrons, the components of atomic nuclei.[1] Due to a phenomenon known as color confinement, quarks are never found in isolation; they can be found only within hadrons, which include baryons (such as protons and neutrons) and mesons, or in quark–gluon plasmas.[2][3][nb 1] For this reason, much of what is known about quarks has been drawn from observations of hadrons.

//Quark
Three colored balls (symbolizing quarks) connected pairwise by springs (symbolizing gluons), all inside a gray circle (symbolizing a proton). The colors of the balls are red, green, and blue, to parallel each quark's color charge. The red and blue balls are labeled "u" (for "up" quark) and the green one is labeled "d" (for "down" quark).
A proton is composed of two up quarks, one down quark, and the gluons that mediate the forces "binding" them together. The color assignment of individual quarks is arbitrary, but all three colors must be present.
Composition
Elementary particle
Statistics
Fermionic
Generation
1st, 2nd, 3rd
Interactions
Electromagnetism, gravitation, strong, weak
Symbol

q
Antiparticle
Antiquark (
q
)
Theorized
Murray Gell-Mann (1964)
George Zweig (1964)
Discovered
SLAC (c. 1968)
Types
6 (up, down, strange, charm, bottom, and top)
Electric charge
+​2⁄3 e, −​1⁄3 e
Color charge
Yes
Spin
​1⁄2
Baryon number
​1⁄3
//Quarks have various intrinsic properties, including electric charge, mass, color charge, and spin. They are the only elementary particles in the Standard Model of particle physics to experience all four fundamental interactions, also known as fundamental forces (electromagnetism, gravitation, strong interaction, and weak interaction), as well as the only known particles whose electric charges are not integer multiples of the elementary charge.

//There are six types, known as flavors, of quarks: up, down, strange, charm, bottom, and top.[4] Up and down quarks have the lowest masses of all quarks. The heavier quarks rapidly change into up and down quarks through a process of particle decay: the transformation from a higher mass state to a lower mass state. Because of this, up and down quarks are generally stable and the most common in the universe, whereas strange, charm, bottom, and top quarks can only be produced in high energy collisions (such as those involving cosmic rays and in particle accelerators). For every quark flavor there is a corresponding type of antiparticle, known as an antiquark, that differs from the quark only in that some of its properties (such as the electric charge) have equal magnitude but opposite sign.

//The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964.[5] Quarks were introduced as parts of an ordering scheme for hadrons, and there was little evidence for their physical existence until deep inelastic scattering experiments at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center in 1968.[6][7] Accelerator experiments have provided evidence for all six flavors. The top quark, first observed at Fermilab in 1995, was the last to be discovered.[5]


 <div><permission><allowed_activity>   
</android.UI.artificialintelligence.permissions.ALLOW_ACCESS_ANY/ALL_INTERNET_TO_WEBSEARCH/REFERENCESEARCH.activity.java></permission></allowed_activity></div></div></div>
